[WIP] Clean up Kestrel overview page (#35986)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/servers/kestrel/options.md

    
## Behavior with debugger attached

> The following timeouts and rate limits aren't enforced when a debugger is attached to a Kestrel process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following timeouts and rate limit options aren't enforced when a debugger is attached to a Kestrel process:
```
